loadArena testArena1.txt
initArena
loadArena testArena2.txt
initArena
addCleanerRobot 0 0 0
tick 6
loadArena testArena3.txt
initArena
addCleanerRobot 1 1 2
robotMovement 0 RIGHT
tick 2
loadArena testArena4.txt
initArena
robotMovement 1 RIGHT
robotMovement 1 UP
robotMovement 1 UP
robotMovement 2 LEFT
robotMovement 2 UP
addCleanerRobot 3 1 0
addCleanerRobot 4 1 4
tick 7
loadArena testArena5.txt
initArena
tick 5
loadArena testArena6.txt
initArena
robotMovement 1 UP
robotMovement 1 RIGHT
tick 2
robotMovement 1 PUTTY
robotMovement 1 UP
robotMovement 1 LEFT
tick 1
robotMovement 1 DOWN
tick 1
loadArena testArena7.txt
initArena
tick 2
loadArena testArena8.txt
initArena
tick 1
robotMovement 1 UP
tick 1
loadArena testArena9.txt
initArena
tick 2
loadArena testArena10.txt
initArena
robotMovement 1 OIL
tick 2
robotMovement 1 PUTTY
tick 2
robotMovement 1 OIL
tick 2
robotMovement 1 PUTTY
tick 2
robotMovement 1 OIL
tick 2
robotMovement 1 PUTTY